Update Library section (#839)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/iac/overview/index.md

## Modules

> Modules are "infrastructure building blocks" authored by Gruntwork and written in Terraform. They capture a singular best-practice pattern for specific pieces of infrastructure and are designed to be both limited in scope and highly reusable. They typically represent one part of a use case you want to accomplish. For example, the `vpc-flow-logs` module does not create a VPC, it only adds the VPC Flow Logs functionality to an existing VPC. To learn more, check out [What is a module?](/iac/overview/modules/).

Reviewer: We've been removing all usage of `check out` to `refer to` because it's less casual

```suggestion
Modules are "infrastructure building blocks" authored by Gruntwork and written in Terraform. They capture a singular best-practice pattern for specific pieces of infrastructure and are designed to be both limited in scope and highly reusable. They typically represent one part of a use case you want to accomplish. For example, the `vpc-flow-logs` module does not create a VPC, it only adds the VPC Flow Logs functionality to an existing VPC. To learn more, refer to [What is a module?](/iac/overview/modules/).
```

Author: Sounds good!

> Modules are "infrastructure building blocks" authored by Gruntwork and primarily written in Terraform. They capture a singular best-practice pattern for specific pieces of infrastructure and are designed to be both limited in scope and highly reusable. They typically represent one part of a use case you want to accomplish. For example, the `vpc-flow-logs` module does not create a VPC, it only adds the VPC Flow Logs functionality to an existing VPC. To learn more, check out [What is a module?](/iac/overview/modules/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modules are "infrastructure building blocks" authored by Gruntwork and written in Terraform. They capture a singular best-practice pattern for specific pieces of infrastructure and are designed to be both limited in scope and highly reusable. They typically represent one part of a use case you want to accomplish. For example, the `vpc-flow-logs` module does not create a VPC, it only adds the VPC Flow Logs functionality to an existing VPC. To learn more, check out [What is a module?](/iac/overview/modules/).
```
